Previously, on
"Below Deck Med"...
Yes, Daddy!
If you actually enjoy somebody,
just give it a shot.
We're working with people
who we wouldn't even
speak to in normal
circumstances.
You wouldn't speak to me
in normal circumstance?
You wouldn't speak to me.
Pay attention to master cabin
windows and bridge windows.
It's definitely a new dynamic,
being attracted to my boss.
Roy Orbison Jr. and his wife,
Asa, are repeat charter guests.
This'll be a shorter charter,
so let's make very minute count.
You're gonna be on mids.
Oh, cool.
Because I want you to do
more service and that.
Third stew generally
is laundry bitch.
* We're in the galley and
we're chillin' with daddy *
* We got a lot goin' on,
but we're feelin' so swaggy *
Ugh!
Of, like, human names on there?
-Yes.
-Oh.
Like, what the [bleep]?
Well, you need to be outside so
you can tell us where things go.
Stop it.
I'm the boss of the way
food gets put away.
Mathew is gonna be
at the top of the list.
----ing current's wicked.
Thirty-five feet and closing.
Just line me up.
Happy times!
Okay, guys, are we ready
on our heaving lines?
What is it?
Roy, Roy, Roy,
that's not an option anymore.
Hey, Malia!
Keep the line out
of the water, please.
Go to bed now, I'm serious.
-Oh!
-Go to bed, now.
What the [bleep]?
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
No, Mzi!
Okay, guys, are we ready
on our heaving lines?
-Yeah.
-What's happening?
Sending stern lines across.
-I love it.
-Hey, Malia!
Go to bed, now.
I'm serious. Go to bed, now.
Keep the line out
of the water, please.
-Hold on.
-What the [bleep]?
Pull that line, pull that line.
No, Mzi!
-Oh, my...
-Hang on, hang on, hang on.
-You okay?
-Yeah.
Take this off slowly,
holding, holding.
-That's all right, you okay?
-Yeah.
We're gonna add extra
lines, correct?
Yeah, once we have you
secured, then we'll add more.
-For the wind.
-Oh, Lord.
Keep pulling?
Port and starboard
bow lines on.
Copy.
All right, Z, you in?
Yeah.
Let's get the passerelle
secured.
Lines snap all the time.
Obviously, that can be
really nerve-wracking.
No worries, no rush.
But Z secured
the lines very quickly.
I'm very impressed.
That's good, you got it, Z.
Nice work.
Okay, let's jump off the boat.
No, you...
we don't do that.
Do you want dessert?
No, let's jump off the boat.
I don't...
you should go to bed, Roy.
Go to bed now, before you
embarrass yourself even more.
You guys are all
embarrassing yourself.
I'm not coming back, okay?
Okay... okay.
-Good.
-Yeah, you good?
Yeah.
So wonderful...
you and Tina have a
wonderful, romantic night.
You're going down?
No, I'm going to bed.
Bye, Roy.
-Yes.
-Yeah, for sure.
Sleep in, man.
-Oh, my God.
-Oh, wow.
So delightful.
I feel so sober, too.
Yeah.
Is there any more spoons?
No, but you can share
this spoon, if you want.
I haven't sucked... no.
Oh, Lexi, you're really funny,
but I don't think you
mean to be funny.
I think you're just being
honest, but you're funny.
Especially so...
she's, like, so straight...
and she's so blunt.
It's, like...
Do you realize
she has a burn list?
Do you have a burn book?
Like, legit, and it was, like...
What's a burn list?
It had, like, 45 names on it.
-I was, like [bleep].
-Wait, what's a burn list?
Is it that
she wants people dead,
or is it who
she wants to bang?
Because I have a banged list.
Yeah.
How many people
have wronged you?
Your name just got
added to the list.
What a day, bruv.
Yeah.
Malia's a good bosun.
Like, she is cream of
the absolute ----ing crop.
-Yeah.
-Man, she's amazing.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm so excited
to drop off tomorrow.
What's your vibes for tomorrow?
I don't know, I can't buzz again
like I did the other night.
Yeah, you...
we'll be ready.
Can I get you any drinks
or anything?
-No.
-You're all good.
Yeah, it's safer to jump
in the ocean with sharks
-It's your bedtime.
-Okay, I am done.
...check.
-I'm going to bed.
-Good night.
You seem way more confident,
you know.
-Yeah.
-Do you feel that?
Yeah.
You're just kind of
owning it now, aw.
It's nice she recognized
how hard I tried.
I'm actually good at this.
You're awake?
I can't sleep.
Oh, no, Dave-O.
The late shift is, like,
the hardest shift.
I remember one day
I was on my second boat,
we had this long night
checklist.
It's, like, 5:00 a.m.
in the morning,
vacuuming the sky lounge,
just crying because I was,
like, "I can't do this."
That's why I rotate my stews,
so they don't feel the same way.
[snoring]
[phone vibrating]
Good morning.
It's all right, we don't judge.
Yes, you do.
You were judging me when
I was talking to myself.
Sorry, I'm talking to myself.
I was just imagining there
was another you right there,
Very intelligent people
talk to themselves.
I Googled it
for comfort last night.
Lloyd, are you trying to say
"non-intelligent" here?
No, I was laughing the
fact that you Googled it.
You know what, I'm gone.
I am gone.
Lexi, you're on fire
this morning.
I have a biology degree.
I got into nursing school, but I
just never had the money to go.
Or, like, when I did
have the money,
I had spent it on, like,
other things.
I bought, like, three cars.
I don't know how
to explain that.
It's just...
it just happened.
I need to put on some makeup
and clothes.
Lex, Lex, Court.
I'm gonna check
the guest cabins.
Copy, yeah, thank you.
Just waiting for
the primary to get up,
and then we can start breakfast.
Do you have the time?
It's about 8:20.
Okay.
Still gonna
have breakfast at 9:00.
Good morning.
Yeah, I'm not sure if
Roy and Asa are coming.
Well, we're gonna sit,
we cannot wait.
All right, awesome,
we'll be up in five minutes.
So, we have three guests
that are up.
They wanna eat now,
because they're not sure
that the primary's
having breakfast.
I gotta wait for Katie.
Can you get Katie?
Is she still sleeping?
-Katie is asleep.
-Okay.
I am the breakfast girl,
so I can't get Katie.
Oh, God.
Let's just do the pastries
first, yeah.
Okay.
Those are lemon-poppy
seed muffins.
Lemon-poppy
Do you want me to wait
for the other ones?
It's up to you.
Yeah, I'll wait for the...
another bread basket.
That's banana bread.
This one has chocolate,
that one doesn't.
All right.
I'm done being nice.
Like, he's not even a man.
He's just a childish
little boy
trying to wield some
sort of power over me.
So, we have some banana bread.
This one has chocolate
and this side doesn't.
Oh, give me the chocolate side.
Juices.
Good morning.
Chocolate and...
These are raspberry yoghurt
parfaits...
And I can do eggs any style.
-Scrambled eggs.
-I can do scrambled.
-Yeah, scrambled.
-All scrambled?
-Yeah.
-Perfect.
All right, great.
Oh, he's amazing, I love him.
Don't tell my husband.
Yeah.
He's like, "Where's
Katie, I need Katie."
He's just very
hot-headed sometimes.
[bleep] me.
On the first charter,
I realized there were
communication problems
with Lexi,
and I was just gonna deal
with Katie from now on.
Always do comms with me...
-I know.
-Because I know. I'll...
Well, she said you guys were
doing water, wine, fire.
I figure if I piss
her off enough,
maybe she won't try to be on
service or be around me at all.
Annoying people
is my superpower.
It's just been amazing, Mat.
Oh, thank you so much.
Enjoy.
Thank you.
-Did you radio me?
-No, I just served it.
Why didn't you radio me?
Because I wanted
to serve them.
-Morning, Lexi.
-Good morning, good morning.
Sorry we're late.
Now we're really sorry.
Oh, God.
Here, look, tuck
this in a little bit,
mm, we're gonna tuck this in.
-Hi.
-Morning.
Morning.
So, they are waiting,
all the pastries are out.
These are for the baby.
Whoa, hold on a minute.
He just walks up with.
-Really?
-Yeah, he's off-off, like...
----ing hell.
Ooh-hoo.
Nothing's going on.
He's just ----ing off.
Okay, go into cabins.
All righty.
Ugh.
Just bury me.
Katie is not even trying
to deal with me and Mathew.
She's just trying to,
like, make sure
he doesn't, like,
have another issue.
Managing is not her strong suit.
She's a nice person,
but nice doesn't always
meet the criteria
for this industry.
Like, damn.
Coming up...
Every day we drop off,
you need to do crew lunch.
Yeah, all right.
----ing bullsh--.
No days off, no hours of rest.
I was ready
to jump off the corner.
I was ready to...
I held you...
I held you back.
I wanted to do it.
Roy, I had a dream where
you actually jumped straight in,
and I was, like, oh.
Okay, can someone just
tell me...
Nothing's going on.
He's ----ing off.
Okay, go into cabins.
-All righty.
-It's drop-off day!
[bleep] yeah.
That was hectic to walk into.
The systems and the way things
work is the easy part of my job.
It's managing
people and emotions
is where it gets really hard.
Like, she's the second stew,
so she is gonna be on breakfast
with him from time to time.
They need to work
through their differences.
Like, you still
have a job to do.
Okay, so...
It's just really hectic
to walk into.
Everyone's just, like, meh.
[alarm blares]
What's that?
It's a fire alarm.
Eat up!
What the [bleep] is that?
Captain, that is not galley.
As distracting as that is,
it can't get me away
from this table.
No.
Why did that go?
No way.
Anyone know why
the fire alarm went off?
Air freshener... me.
Ah, now the whole
boat knows, ha ha!
It's bad enough to set off
a fire alarm on the boat.
It's another thing
to have to explain it
in front of the girl
I'm attracted to.
But you know what?
Sh-- happens.
What a way to wake up
in the morning.
-Good morning!
-That was a false alarm.
Oh!
Someone sprayed
too much deodorant.
Mm!
Enjoy your breakfast.
Okay, this morning was crazy.
I was, like, okay, Mat.
Chill the [bleep] out here.
Sorry if you feel like you've
been in cabins and laundry.
Yeah, why are you doing that?
I think if we rotate,
it keeps it fresh.
You're like, "No."
I get what you're
trying to say, but no.
That's the vibe I'm thinking.
Katie is good
at playing innocent.
She's like, "I have
no idea what's going on."
But you're choosing
sides with Mat,
and you're pretending
you have both of our backs,
which is bullsh--.
Thank you for the wipe down.
No problem.
-Pretty soon.
-Okay.
If there's something that
you really wanna
do on the boat still,
we got a little bit of time.
Hide-and-seek.
Oh, I know you love
hide-and-seek.
All right, guys,
we'll be in our epaulettes
no later than 11:30,
and then luggage.
Yeah, hide-and-go-seek.
Captain Sandy!
We can
play hide-and-go-seek.
-Hide-and-go-seek?
-Yay!
-That sounds right?
-Yeah.
Oh, crocodile skin.
Yeah, Crocodile Dundee.
I watched that the other day.
There are some very
derogatory words in there.
Wow, they hid really
good in here.
Keep on looking,
where are they, Bo?
I was like, there's no way
that that should be being said.
What?
We're just talking about
"Crocodile Dundee."
Of course.
Found you!
I found you!
You found me!
But you have to find
everybody, Roy.
Let's go see.
Yeah, you gotta find everybody.
-Have you seen Mommy?
-No.
Bo-Bo, where's Mommy?
Found you!
Oh, my God!
There's Mommy!
All crew, all crew,
let's get into our whites
for guest departure.
Okay, Bo-Bo, we have to pack
and get outta here.
-Is that everything?
-I think so.
Sweet.
I got a baby.
-Get on the line.
-On the line, on the line.
Heh.
I'm gonna give you a hug, Z.
-Lovely to meet you.
-It's been so great.
Whoa!
Bye, Bo, I'll miss you, buddy.
Have a safe trip home.
-Mwah!
-Thank you, Courtney.
Thank you so much
for everything.
We've had the best time.
Yeah, this boat trip
is everything
we could have wished for.
-Mat is the most surprising.
-Oh!
You make things that I
didn't know that I wanted.
Oh, thank you.
Here is the gratuity.
Thank you.
And I guess it's time
for us to split.
Thank you, guys.
Bye!
Let's change out of our whites,
then we'll turn the boat around.
-Woo!
-Nice work.
Thank you, thank you.
Nice job!
Nice work.
Let's get changed,
then we'll meet up here.
Yo, vibe check.
Oh.
Mathew, every day we drop off,
you need to do crew lunch.
I thought I'd have the day
to clean and organize.
-I'm sorry.
-All right.
-Just do crew lunch.
-Got it.
Let's [bleep] this puppy.
We're in the lower guest cabins
and we're getting freaky.
All crew, all crew,
meet me in the main salon
for our tip meeting.
Just in time.
----ing hell.
Opa!
-Okay.
-That's it?
Yeah.
Honestly, I don't even
know where to start.
This is my first season
ever that I've not heard
one guest complain,
other than when we cooked.
Fair enough, though.
-Okay?
-Right.
That was understood.
This tip is $21,000.
Woo!
Fourteen-fifty euros per person.
-Woo!
-Amazing.
-Yes.
-Isn't that great?
Awesome.
We got a boat to turn around,
then you're gonna
go out to dinner.
-All right, enjoy your night.
-Thank you.
I'm hungry.
I'm really, really hungry.
Oh, my God.
Bye, Felicia.
----ing bullsh--.
Yeah, just go get lunch ready.
Oh!
You guys ----ing suck.
Oh, what happened to Mathew?
Yeah, he had to cook lunch.
He's irritated that
he has to cook lunch,
which is quite weird.
It's like, we need to eat.
That's a sensitive subject.
It's the norm, like...
Oh, making lunch?
-Yeah.
I thought, like, I'd have
a chance to sit down
and plan menus and write
inventories and do prep.
It's just what needs
to be done
when you're your own department
and get no support.
Like, on every boat
I've been on,
even on drop-off day,
we get lunch.
It's not sustainable if there's
no time off in between trips.
Instead of cleaning,
I have to ----ing cook
on the off day.
And I think it's ----ed up that
the crew can't do this for me.
No days off, no hours of rest,
everyone else is a team.
Like, they suck.
-Mathew.
-What?
That is part of your job.
Listen, I don't wanna
talk about it.
No days off, no hours of rest,
everyone else is a team.
Like, they suck.
-Mathew.
-What?
What can we help with?
No, I'm good.
Deck crew can make paninis,
it's not a big deal.
I'm good, Malia.
I'm all good.
You're not good.
We're a team.
You're part of that team,
whether you like it or not.
-But listen, but... but it...
-No, no, no, you listen.
Let us ----ing help you.
-Yeah.
-Is that hard?
No, that's easy,
it's just tough
because it's a lot
in my head, you know?
Yeah.
It's not that I'm just, like,
stressed about crew food.
I definitely have
experience coddling chefs.
----ing like, guests arrive
in an hour.
How am I supposed
to put all this away?
We'll help you.
This is so ----ing unfair.
Like, you just kinda wanna,
like, shake them and be,
like, this is your job.
I know it sucks solo chef,
this size.
I know, I'm just being a baby.
I pegged you as a crier.
Only during sex.
There we go.
That's not folded right.
Have you got a rowdy shirt?
I do, do you have a rowdy...
Yeah, rowdy shirts.
Are we rowdy-shirting tonight?
Yeah.
We all have tough jobs.
All crew, all crew, lunch is up.
-Is that lunch?
-Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I mean...
-Polenta.
-It's polenta.
Is it?
All right, fine, fine.
I'm fussed.
Mat gets wired very quickly
and he spirals.
So, what Mat
needs now is reassurance
and a ----ing kick up the ass.
Share the fuss, yeah?
-Share the fuss.
-Yeah!
-Hi.
-Hi, Mama.
Hi, Dad, you okay?
I'm all right, how are you?
Yeah, I'm just working.
Oh, my God, 16 and a half hour
day, like, every day on charter.
Well, I'll try and ring you
on my break or something.
Yeah.
Um...
Sorry.
I love you.
-Okay, all right, love you.
-Bye.
-Take care, bye.
-Love you, bye.
Whew, okay.
What time are we
supposed to leave?
5:30.
[bleep]
Party time!
Let's get the party started.
All right, boys, the shirts.
-Yeah.
-Yeah, nice.
-Courtney.
-Yeah?
-Are you wearing heels?
-No.
I don't know, man,
how about you?
Who's your demon?
No, but...
-L?
-No, mine is L.
There's only one L.
There's two L's in Lloyd.
A, B, C, D, E, F, G,
H, I, J, K, L-M-N-O-P.
Oh...
There we go, you know
it now, one after.
L, M.
You can all get ----ed.
Sit back down.
Okay, daddy needs to get
a little loose right now.
-Ah!
-Night out number two.
Yeah, baby.
Woo!
Dude, it's so ----ing beautiful.
Yeah.
I love this, it's so cute.
Oh!
To the right.
-Oh, my God, this is so cute!
-Epic!
Okay, one, two, three.
Please, can I have an
aperol spritz?
Rosé, please.
Yeah, we're gonna sit down.
Thank you ever so much.
-Cheers, guys.
-Cheers!
Are you ready to order, guys?
I'll have the sea bass.
The steak.
I'll have the tartuffo,
please, and a bottle of rosé.
-Ooh!
-Oh.
Don't you think Z should
grow his 'fro
until the end of the season?
-Yeah.
-Yes!
If you go to the
end of the season,
I'll give you another lap dance.
Oh!
Yeah, get it, Court,
get it, Court!
Does everyone remember
the kiss that night or...
Oh!
Daddy, get you some!
Guys, you dance with someone,
that's just what happens,
it's just a thing.
And then we were
like, woo, yeah!
-Thank you, Courtney.
-You're welcome, babes.
Oh, yes.
Thank you.
Hold on.
-Lord what?
-Fussy.
Fussy.
What's your sign again?
Scorpio, we're freaky.
How did you meet
your last girlfriend?
We were vibing at a sex party.
Eww, what are you talking about?
Yeah. It's true.
-I would like to raise a toast.
-Aw!
To a mad bunch of [bleep].
Yeah!
We smashed it so far, and
we will continue to do so.
Yes!
Drink, mother----er,
drink mother----er drink.
Hey!
Dave, I am glad you
joined us this dinner.
You were so shy last time.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
-Cheers, mate.
I love Dave.
We know.
I haven't even jerked off
in, like, a month.
Mat.
Dude, stop.
But you know why
I don't give a [bleep]?
Because I've had
too many accomplishments
working for too many douchebags.
So, I'm better than
them no matter what I say.
Well.
To sucking piss.
All right, how about a...
I couldn't perform well
at my first sex party.
Nobody cares.
I went in, and I was,
like, yeah, I'm ready.
Mat, shut the [bleep] up.
Don't say that.
-Anyways...
-[bleep]
How many of us have to tell
you to shut the [bleep] up?
I don't get it.
You're talking sh-- at a meal,
eating our dinner,
so shut the [bleep] up and
enjoy your meal.
Let's talk more about Dave
and less about that.
You're the one ----ing
talking about it, bro.
I don't like people
giving me sh--.
I've worked too hard to get sh--
for being myself.
Oi.
Give me crap about being myself,
it's like [bleep] you.
I'm going home.
-Mat.
-No, don't...
Mat, shut the [bleep] up.
You're talking sh-- at a meal,
eating our dinners,
so shut the [bleep] up.
Gimme crap about being myself.
It's like [bleep] you.
I'm going home.
-Mat.
-No, don't...
-He'll get lost.
-Ah!
[bleep] you people.
I worked so hard
to get where I am.
Chefs, chefs, that's it.
Chefs. Let's chalk it up...
I told... I told everybody,
chefs all have a thing.
Mat's taken an early taxi.
He just needs
to get back to sleep.
He just needs to not be here.
They can [bleep] right off.
Anyways, let's just keep Mat
on his positive level
for the rest of the season.
Because I don't think
anyone wants to cook steak.
Okay, I need rest,
so I'm going to bed.
-Okay.
-[bleep]
All right, here we go!
-Woo!
-Yes!
[shouting]
Yeah, boy!
He got it goin' on.
It wasn't even my birthday.
You're the best, Daddy.
I'm done.
But if I was gonna chat to
my brother, it should be now.
My name's Courtney, and
we're on the boat together...
bru like us.
My brother Josh, he's a chief
officer on a superyacht.
Do you have a girlfriend, Josh?
Yes.
He's always been
an inspiration to me.
Growing up, all the girls
used to love him
and have a big crush on him.
Hello, Joshua.
Should I call you Captain?
Are you captain?
[bleep] off.
Wait, Z, your phone just died.
I'm glad.
See that?
----ing like, quitting.
Just be nice, baby,
that's my motto.
[chattering]
Why do we, when
we get drunk,
we just wanna, like,
Facetime our family?
I wanna call my family now.
It's his mother.
Whoa!
Okay, let's walk away,
let's go to the bathroom.
Let's go to the bathroom.
Just keep walking,
just walk to the bathroom.
Go ahead.
Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Like, it's hard losing a
parent that you're close to.
I'm gonna drink, because
I'm trying to, like, I [bleep].
Yeah, like, I'm so sorry.
I will leave
you the bill here...
-All right.
-We're doing bills.
We have to
go downstairs and pay.
Okay, I need to pay.
I think they got everything.
Thank you.
I have cash.
I need to pay 300.
Malia's paid.
Thank you.
We've all paid what we ordered.
She's actually paid already?
No, no, no, we have...
like, everyone's
paid their share.
-Okay, so give me the...
-Lexi, you still have to pay.
No, Mzi, pause.
We're all paying 300.
Lloyd [bleep] off.
Anyways, Malia...
Yeah.
Since your name is Malia
and not Lloyd, give me...
tell me what I owe you in euros,
and then I will give
that to you.
Three hundred.
Pause... don't make me
be a bitch here.
No one's calling you dumb.
It's like,
I can be smarter than you.
I paid for you.
I... I paid for you.
I love you.
Because I love you.
I'm a cheap person,
but I pay my bill.
Like, I pay my dues in life.
I don't like
to owe people anything.
I can be a real asshole.
We've all paid,
and we've all tipped.
Let's ----ing rock on.
I don't know what just happened.
I don't get that.
Oh, my God, these streets
are beautiful.
Yo, what's up, man?
Yeah, you have a spare bag?
I'm going home.
I'm done. I quit.
[bleep] that.
I don't know.
-[bleep] that.
-How's this?
Fit enough sh-- in it?
Yeah, I'm done, yeah.
I'm done.
They can find some ----er
to do their sh--.
Oh, my...
oh, my God!
-Oh, my God!
-Oh, no!
-Is he okay?
-Well sh--.
Oh sh--.
Good luck, you'll have some
----ing asshole chef now.
[bleep].
He's not okay.
Dude, he's not okay.
All right, let's go.
I'm done.
I'm done, just stop
----ing walking with me.
You're walking.
Get off my ----ing face.
Thank you, Daddy.
I don't know.
All right, let's go.
I'm done.
I'm done, just stop
----ing walking with me.
Get off my ----ing face.
I don't know what that was.
That was just
a weird moment in time.
-Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God, Z.
Z!
-You had one job!
-Is he okay?
It's fine.
You're laughing, but your
mouth is covered in blood.
Yeah, no, that's fine.
-Oh!
-Ugh!
Owie. My head hurts.
Okay, you've cut your top lip,
it's just bleeding down
your ----ing teeth, it's fine.
[bleep] me.
How cute was it talking
to everyone's family?
Yeah.
So your half-brother, then?
I have an adopted brother!
So, were you adopted when
you were a baby-baby?
So, you never got to meet
your mom and dad, then?
And yeah.
Come here.
Come here, bro.
-You have a heart of gold.
-You're a ----ing diamond.
Eh?
-Boo?
-Yeah.
You okay?
We all have a story, right?
This is why we've both
been crying in the toilet.
No, I totally get it.
I thought...
I did not understand that, and I
apologize for not knowing that.
It's fine.
Why is it feeling so heavy
tonight?
I'm just overall miserable.
Oh, I need both my girls.
It's good to have
an understanding that
oh, they're actually dealing
with a ----ing lot right now.
I couldn't even imagine.
There's no timeframe
that will tell you
when you should feel
okay about that.
Deal with it however the [bleep]
you need to deal with it.
I just wanna be there for them.
-Do we think he's gonna be up?
-Yeah.
Yeah, I think he'll be
drinking when we get back.
Okay, you go, Boo,
you get out.
-Hot tubbing?
-Yeah!
We're gonna wake up Sandy.
[snoring]
I have a headache.
I can get rid of it
with hot tub.
-Hot tub?
-Yeah.
Yeah?
Why, he's not in his cabin?
Mat's not in his cabin?
Well, as long as he's not
----ing up my interior.
All right, who's coming
to the ----ing hot tub?
Lexi!
We're going for the hot tub,
we're gonna chill, 34 degrees.
I can't ----ing...
Lexi!
Open the ----ing door, boo.
I'm coming.
-Sorry, I'm ----ing naked.
-No problem.
Oh, why do I have hundreds
in my ----ing bathing suit?
Oh, that's where
my hundreds were.
I've got two bottles.
We need plastic.
Ow.
You plan on spending
money at the hot tub?
Anybody can get snapped at.
But, like, tonight, with
the bill, that was just...
Courtney, who's had way
more drinks than you,
can tell me what the
total was, and what...
But she didn't.
She just actually
took care of the 300 kuna
that we asked you to pay.
I don't wanna do this,
I really don't.
Let's avoid this topic
at all costs.
Why do you keep referring
to yourself as Satan?
Is that in the Bahamas,
with your burn list?
Oh.
Oh!
Because people that live in
an $8,000 high-rise
reserve the right
to be a [bleep]?
No, I feel like you like
to be a [bleep]
and you like to get away with
it, and you're not my boss.
Oh, God.
What the [bleep]?
It's, like, it was obviously
a miscommunication.
-Hi, Lloyd.
-Hello.
Hey!
Yeah, yeah, bitches.
Yeah, you like that, Daddy?
Woo!
You, truth or dare?
Truth.
Have you ever ----ed
anybody in guest areas?
Oh!
-Yes, she did.
-You did?
-Yeah.
-Okay, yeah.
Oh.
I'm not afraid
to hook up on a boat.
You know, and the chief
officer's a little bit cute.
-Owie.
-Oh!
Courtney!
Okay, David, truth or dare?
-Dare.
-Dare...
Run around the whole bow naked.
Yes!
-Ah!
-Woo-woo!
I'm impressed.
Not with him being naked,
I just mean that
he did the dare.
I didn't think you'd do it.
David, shut your ----ing
kiss-ass ass up.
Wait, we didn't hear...
You ----ing kiss-ass
mother----er.
Okay, anyway.
I know.
Honestly, it's very ----ing
hard to ask.
David, stop kissing ass.
What? What?
Lloyd, I thought you liked me?
Shut the [bleep] up!
Hey, Lloyd, are you ----ing--
Yeah.
Why are you so angry, Lloyd?
Please, please,
please sit down.
He's walking away, Court,
let him go.
Oh!
Hey, stop it.
-Okay, Lexi's--
-Don't say that.
Lloyd, please come back in.
No, I'll be back in a bit.
This girl's got
no social understanding
of what is acceptable
to be said.
Okay, I take that back.
But when it goes more than just
words, I don't wanna be touched.
I just wanted
to get outta there.
No, it's not cool,
it's not cool.
-Oh, babes...
-Z, shut the [bleep] up.
Like, I can't--
[bleep]
-No, no, no, sit down.
-Seriously...
Lexi, do you wanna elaborate
on that?
Oh, my God.
Everyone shut the [bleep] up.
Let's just be ----ing deckhands!
Oh, you ----ing deckhands!
Oh, my God.
That's good, I'm going to bed.
She didn't mean that like that.
Yeah, she doesn't mean anything
that she says to take offense,
but it is offensive, isn't it?
Get over it, I'm not
kissing your ass.
Oh, my God.
Like, if you want me
to kiss your ass.
-Let's go to bed.
-Go to bed.
[bleep]'s sake.
Like, she doesn't know me.
I'm ----ing Satan.
I love deckhands, by the way.
I'm going to bed.
Lloyd, gimme a hug.
Can I grab...
No, there's nothing
to hug about.
Come here, she was ----ed with
me too, don't worry.
Dude, she's a ----ing asshole.
I don't give a [bleep] Courtney.
I just wanna give
you a head's up.
Oh, no, what?
Lexi was just a total
----ing [bleep].
-To you?
-No, to all of us.
Oh!
She made Lloyd cry.
I can...
I'll go find her.
I obviously don't feel
great being the ----ing bad guy.
Like, an adult disciplining
another adult, it's not fun.
Right now, I really don't
wanna deal with Lexi.
But this is what... I'm...
I'm just trying to help.
David [bleep] off.
This is not your time.
David, yes, come in.
No, [bleep] off.
This is not giving us
valuable advice here.
-But your nip's out.
-It's okay.
Okay, what the [bleep]
is going on?
I don't... I don't wanna
get in trouble for this.
No one's getting in trouble,
I just wanna know what
the [bleep] is going on,
why there's so much bullsh--
and animosity going on?
-That's Malia right there.
-Malia...
You and I had a problem
before we came out,
and then you said really
inappropriate things to Lloyd.
I'm ----ing inappropriate?
But I feel as if you're
being inappropriate as [bleep].
I'm not the one that
was offended, Lexi.
You were ----ing--
[overlapping dialogue]
Back up, back up.
Can you speak, Malia?
-Oh my God.
-Shut up.
-Kiss ass.
-Me?
And your fake-ass [bleep].
It ain't worth nothing, bruv.
-Lexi...
-Katie, shut the [bleep] up.
Look at you!
That's your chief stew,
you [bleep].
Shut the [bleep] up.
[snoring]
[bleep].
Malia was a ----ing bitch to me.
[bleep] shut the [bleep].
Put your tit away!
You're being a fake-ass [bleep].
You want me to be a ----ing
bitch, I can be a bitch.
Lexi...
-Katie, shut the [bleep] up.
-Shut the [bleep] up.
[bleep]
Malia was a ----ing
bitch to me.
[bleep] shut the [bleep].
Put your tit away!
You're being a fake-ass [bleep].
You want me to be a ----ing
bitch, I can be a bitch.
Clearly.
-Like, go to bed.
-Okay.
-Lexi.
-What?
Courtney, you had my back.
Yeah, babe...
You understand what's happening.
I got your back, don't worry.
You're just deck crew.
Katie thinks I'm in the wrong.
-No...
-You don't understand.
Are you gonna listen to me?
If you [bleep] up,
it's on me!
When you lash out at another...
No, I know, I know, I know.
I live with her.
I will swap cabins if it
makes it easier.
But I need to know what
the [bleep] happened.
Why are you crying?
We're just deckies!
Yeah, [bleep] us, right?
You're just a deckie.
-All right.
-You ain't worth [bleep].
I'm not about to let her drown
in the hot tub on my watch.
So, yeah, get the [bleep]
out of my hot tub.
My head hurts.
I'm, like, normal.
Hey, I'm not angry at you.
I'm just, like, you just
really need to rein it in.
I'm draining the hot tub, so...
-Okay.
-Yeah, can you please...
Get out.
No, I don't care.
If she's being mean...
I don't let
people disrespect me.
No, no, no, I get that.
No, of course, I completely
understand.
She needs to give you respect.
Just... just stop talking.
Okay, I'll stop talking.
Get the [bleep] off the deck.
No, don't say that.
Okay, shut the [bleep] up.
No, she's saying
"get the [bleep] off the deck."
-Don't...
-I know, I know.
Stop fighting!
Suck my dick.
No, don't say, "Get the [bleep]
off the deck," because then...
I will say get the [bleep].
No, Lexi, my...
Who the [bleep] are you?
Enjoy the hot tub.
You're a ----ing bosun.
-Shut.
-Enjoy the hot tub.
You're the ----ing bosun, bitch.
Go on, then, enjoy the hot tub.
You're a ----ing bosun,
stand the [bleep] down.
Get out. Okay?
Get out, get out, get out.
[bleep] off, bitch.
Get out.
I will [bleep] you up.
Go to bed!
Go to bed.
You're supposed to be
a ----ing chief stew.
Am I? Okay.
[bleep] off, bitch.
I am not thrilled.
Yeah.
She's a sh-- human.
I know she's going
through a hard time.
You know, she's just
lost her father,
so I am really
empathetic towards that.
Does that excuse your behavior?
Absolutely not.
I've never...
She's offended just
about everyone.
----ing bitch.
Owie.
I'll tell you who's not
sharing a cabin tonight.
-Who?
-Those two.
Malia had your back, and...
The other one didn't.
Things just went to sh--.
The people whose opinion I care
about is the deck team,
so Lexi...
I really
couldn't give a sh--.
Everything was working so good.
Oh [bleep].
-Court? Court?
-Yeah?
Are you all right?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
Oh, God.
There's so much sh--
going on, and everyone's...
-I know, and...
-...crying,
She's a [bleep].
She is...
You're amazing.
I hate it.
Like, and she's my roommate.
Mm.
I don't like how she spoke
to everyone.
No, and the fact you defended
everyone is ----ing amen to you.
Ugh!
[belches]
Lovely.
Thank you so much.
Love you.
I'm naked, so I can't move.
I hate this side of yachting.
-I know.
-Ugh.
I'm sorry tonight was sh--.
Why are you sorry?
Because I hate that.
Tonight wasn't sh--,
tonight was amazing.
Z, I like that your
board shorts are pears.
You are like every
Miami pimp that ever lived.
David, you're so wack.
You're funny, ain't ya?
Hashtag unemployable.
No, I'm employable because
I have more money than you.
-Do you?
-Go ahead.
Don't...
we're enjoying our tea...
You're wack as [bleep].
Don't, don't, don't.
Thank you, sweetheart,
appreciate it.
Don't, don't, don't stoop
to that, don't stoop to that.
She is wack as [bleep].
She's, like, "Your dad died,
I feel like so sorry,"
and I can tell she's being fake.
What?
Lexi!
-Whoa, whoa, Lexi.
-Wow.
[bleep] off.
No, you're...
you're taking sh--.
Lexi. Lexi.
You just told me to get ----ed.
No.
Lexi, I think you
need to calm...
She's being fake as [bleep].
No! Z...
No, I'm not being rude to you.
My dad ----ing died.
I understand.
She's like, "I feel
what you feel."
-I don't feel like the...
-She's a fake-ass bitch.
No, she is not a ----ing
fake person, she's been...
Z, stop being a kiss-ass.
You must stop your sh--.
No, you're being a kiss-ass,
[bleep] off.
-Hey!
-Lexi!